hey everyone it's drea from crate in d
I'm going to be showing you how to make
this bird nest inspired flower stay
tuned let's start with the supplies
you'll need a piece of burlap some brown
felt a pair of scissors and some
embellishments I'm using some pastel
colored pearls and rhinestones you'll
also need some adhesive I'm using a hot
glue gun let's get started we're going
to start by cutting our burlap and felt
into circles I actually cut a 2-inch
circle eight one and a half inch circle
and a three-quarter inch circle now
we're going to start by roughing up the
edges of our circle of burlap this gives
a really nice texture and definition to
your flower and gives it that more or
less like bird nests look it's really
kind of messy but it's definitely worth
it so here I'm actually roughing up
around all the edges of the felt and you
don't necessarily have to be perfect you
just wanted that kind of really nice
look and here we have our finished so
we're going to put hot glue and layer
them on very similar to a lollipop
flower here i'm attaching the
embellishments and i chose a pastel
color because it's great color for
spring or Easter or any kind of garden
theme and I clustered the oval and round
shaped embellishments to give it that
egg in the nest look now your bird nest
inspired flower is all done just make
sure to cluster on those embellish
humans and rough up the edges of your
burlap this flower is perfect for a
garden or spring theme layout thank you
so much for watching stay tuned for more
project techniques and ideas I'll see
you next time